I accept the rules that give me that you
can stop a little bit of the poetics war
play
one day I will swallow
hey you look like I look
like I always look
you have pissed away your telling on
women and boozing now you're talking
that's what feeds the juices up here in
my noggin man I get all these things
going they start to hear music the
world's reverberating back and forth and
hit the frequency
I start to dance to it and my fingers
get moving spinning all over the
place
and the words come out
girl stops now the foolishness
you got to publish your novel and if you
mess this up its jail time wish me luck
I'm off to write the next great American
novel I may have a gangbang when I get
back I will invite your mother
thank you for someone dog I'm trying to
uncover my connection with the world
just follow me my friend let's go when
she did pilot mom and you got glaucoma
and buffers are perfect shoot something
shoot this in here now I gotta feed my
coke addicted yes
[Music]
you